docs: Add documentation for GeM pooling (#684)
jina-ai/finetuner: docs/advanced-topics/advanced-losses-optimizers-and-poolers.md

(advanced-losses-optimizers-poolers)=

> # {octicon}`mortar-board` Advanced losses, optimizers and poolers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# {octicon}`mortar-board` Advanced loss functions, optimizers and poolers
```
Using "losses" as a pure noun that way is a little jarring to me.

but struggle to separate the green, blue, pink, purple and red classes,
with `TripletMarginLoss` sperarating them the least, and `ArcFaceLoss` separating them the most.

## Pooling layers

> Pooling layers are layers in a machine learning model that are used to reduce the dimensionality of data. This is usually done for one of two reasons: to remove unnecessary information contained within an embedding of a larger size, or when a model outputs multiple embeddings and only one embedding is needed. Typically this is done in two ways, average pooling or max pooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pooling layers are layers in a machine learning model that are used to reduce the dimensionality of data. This is usually done for one of two reasons: to remove unnecessary information contained within an embedding of a larger size, or when a model outputs multiple embeddings and only one embedding is needed. Typically there are  two ways. to do this: average pooling or max pooling.
```

While a model may have many pooling layers within it, it is unwise to replace a pooling layer with another unless it is the last layer of the model.

### GeM pooling

> `GeM` (Generalised Mean) pooling is an advanced pooling technique that has found popularity in computer vision and face recognition tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GeM` (Generalised Mean) pooling is an advanced pooling technique that is popular for computer vision and face recognition tasks.
```

In cases where your chosen model does have a pooling layer as its last layer, Finetuner allows you to replace the default pooler with a `GeM` pooling layer.
Currently, all of our `text-to-text` and `image-to-image` models support replacing the pooling layer.

> For a list of all models that fit these categroies, see the [Backbone Model](../walkthrough/choose-backbone.md) section.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of all models that support replacing the pooling layer, see the [Backbone Model](../walkthrough/choose-backbone.md) section.  
```

> The `GeM` pooler has two adjustable parameters, a scaling parameter `p` and an epsilon `eps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GeM` pooler has two adjustable parameters: a scaling parameter `p` and an epsilon `eps`.
```

At `p = 1`, the `GeM` pooler will act like an average pooler.
As `p` increases, more weight is given to larger values, making it act more like max pooling.

> `eps` is used to clamp values to be slightly above 0, altering this won't result in much change to the performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`eps` is used to clamp values to be slightly above 0, and altering this won't result in much change to the performance.
```

> By default, `p=3` and `eps=1e-6`, you can specify the pooler and adjust these parameters in a dictionary provided to the `model_options` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `p=3` and `eps=1e-6`. You can specify the pooler and adjust these parameters in a dictionary provided to the `model_options` parameter:
```
